feat: remote template repositories (#437)
knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-func: docs/guides/language-packs.md

# Language Packs

> A Language Pack is a term referring to A Builder/Buildpack, the function signatures it recognizes, and the temlates which illustrate them.

Author: ```suggestion
A Language Pack is a term referring to a Builder(Buildpack), the function signatures it recognizes, and the templates which illustrate them when creating a new Function project.
```

> A Language Pack is a term referring to a Builder(Buildpack), the function signatures it recognizes, and the templates which illustrate them when creating a new Function project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Language Pack is the mechanism by which the Functions binary can be extended to support additional runtimes, function signatures, even operating systems and installed tooling for a function. A Language Pack includes
- a .builders.yaml file containing a reference to a builder OCI image reference, which conforms to the buildpack builder specification, and contains references to buildpacks supporting this Language Pack
- one or more template directories illustrating the Language Pack's recognized function signatures
- tests and documentation for the templates
```

Built in to the Functions library is a basic language pack for each supported language.

> For an example external language pack, see [https://github.com/lance/gcf-kn]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example external language pack, see [https://github.com/lance/gcf-kn/tree/main/ruby]
```
That directory is the language pack. The top level is the "language pack repository". At least that's how I've been thinking of it. If you do too, let's be consistent where we can. The terminology can get confusing!

Author: Ah, I see.  Thanks for taking the time to look over these (admittedly terse) docs; my understanding of the terminology we're adopting is still a WIP.
